Joy will prolong your days.
Your smile is contagious. Spread it.
As the purse empties, the heart fills.
Smile often. You will look and feel younger.
A friend is a present you give yourself.
Take time for a quiet evening with friends.
A single kind word can keep one warm for years.
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at.
Shake hands firmly, and opportunities will arise.
Be patient. You have the time.
Be patient. If you wait, your goal will find you.
Foul language reveals one's inability to reason.
You must desire wisdom, before you may find it.
You cannot begrudge the rain if you enjoy rainbows.
A friend asks only for your time, not your money.
True happiness resides in your heart.
Ideas are like gardens; for them to grow, you must nurture them.
Good memory alone does not make good memories.
Pray for what you want, but work as though you hadn't.
Good Planning begets Good Luck.
Even justified anger can cause regret.
He who throws dirt is losing ground.
Smile: the weekend is closer than it seems!
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A lazy man's conclusion is simply where he tired of thinking.
Beware of conflicting opinions this week. You may sacrifice a good idea.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
Enjoy love's ups and downs, as you would a roller coaster.
There is no greater joy that accomplishing what others say you cannot.
Time moves slowly for one who waits.
Treat everyone as a friend, lest you discover new enemies.
You will have a pleasant experience before week's end.
You will receive an unexpected inheritance.
You will live a long and happy life.
Your family is lucky to have you.
You are a true and selfless friend.
Your friends esteem you highly.
Your family values you much more than they express.
Your retirement will be spent in comfort and material wealth.
You will soon travel to many countries.
Take the risk. It will be a success.
Now is not the time to take a chance. Wait for the next opportunity.
Your patience will be rewarded soon.
Excitement is around the corner.
Many pleasures await you.
A lost item will turn up.
A forgotten item you lent will be returned.
Excitement and intrigue follow you closely.
A happy surprise is in your immediate future.
Tonight, mischievousness will be rewarded with pleasant company.
You appreciate the arts deeply.
Music will elevate your mood.
Your creativity will be your greatest success.
Your artistic talent will be applauded.
Look for ways to be creative. You are better at it than you realize.
Prepare yourself to accept a grand opportunity in the coming days.
If you seek them, you will achieve both fame and wealth.
You are pure of heart.
Your charisma will secure an amazing job for you.
Your kindness amplifies your intelligence.
Your wisdom will soon become apparent to those you love.
Work hard, but take time to enjoy life.
Don't despair over your next trial; it will lead to wondrous opportunities.
Your many hidden talents will soon be seen.
Your many friends are your greatest fortune.
Your best friend will be your key to success.
Do not doubt your abilities. They will not fail you.
Someone is speaking favorably of you.
You have an admirer.
Any time is a good time to make new friends.
Peace and happiness are not far off.
You will soon have great reason to be proud.
Good news is coming.
Your more practical wishes will be granted.
Be observant of good things, and ignorant of bad.
Your ability to focus on many complex tasks is your greatest asset.
Your friends are true and sincere. Do not doubt them.
Do not let the gray skies prevent you from shining.
Even in the darkest of places, you can find light and beauty.
Do not lose your childlike innocence.
Safety will be your constant companion.
Life will soon surprise you with a pleasant twist.
Be generous with your time in the near future.
Charity will soon be rewarded.
You will soon receive an exciting invitation.
Flattery will count doubly tonight.
There is a fine line between opportunity and temptation.
Lady luck is on your side this week.
Try something new this week.
A new hobby will soon enrapture you.
Keep your mind active, and your imagination will never bore you.
Your progress will be impeded if you allow suspicion to creep in.
A close friend will be your key to wealth.
You should sharpen an old talent this month.
Practicing patience with yourself and others will reduce stress.
You will soon discover a remarkable power.
Your project will succeed.
Do not miss opportunity because of fear.
An appreciative email will soon arrive.
To one with a fresh outlook, life begins anew each day.
All that is required for a clean slate, is an eraser.
Forgive an old grudge today.
Enthusiasm is the best resume.
The best medicine for boring work is job hunting.
You will reconnect with an old love.
Your noblest wish will come true.
You are wise beyond your years.
A new friend will make your next trip memorable.
Your attentiveness will help you succeed in business.
Danger is a stranger to the wise.
This week, all your endeavors will succeed.
Keep the end in mind, it will justify your means.
Finishing will make all your work worthwhile.
Save your money in the near future.
Wealth and fame will only be satisfying if your principles are intact.
Your courtesy will increase your standing in your career.
You are more talented than you realize.
Good fortune is near.
Buy something frivolous tomorrow.
Your next venture will lead to your greatest achievement.
Prosperity will soon descend on your household.
You will soon be alleviated of a long-standing irritation.
Your unsolvable problem will soon disappear.
No goal is impossible. Just make a new plan.
Trust your intuition this month.
Daydreams may be your most productive brainstorm.
A dream will present the solution to a problem. Do not forget it.
Every patience is rewarded... eventually.
Confess your love. It will not go unrequited.
Be assertive this week.
Quick decisions are the best indication of your true feelings.
Be transparent. Your emotional mask is hindering your love life.
Even great beauty can pale compared to a kind heart.
The future will justify your current hope.
Don't postpone acting on decisions you've already made. 
Don't dismiss your silly ideas. They too can be profitable.
Silence and mystery are under-appreciated. Leverage them.
Few words can often convey more than many.
Practicing brevity will lead to a new opportunity.
Do not mistake a good price as something you need.
Your integrity is rare. Guard it carefully.
Change will bring great opportunity. Do not fear it.
Know your limits before taking on your next venture.
One rarely encounters bad, when looking for the good.
Happiness is not an accident. Plan accordingly.
Fortune awaits you just outside of your comfort zone.
Partner with friends, and you will succeed.
You can only demand honesty if you never lie.
Repeat yourself this week, and those that normally ignore you will listen.
Confidence can be a powerful ally.
Bad luck rarely visits those who take control.
The silent are often perceived as wise.
Waiting is not the same as inaction.
There is never a reason to not express your love.
Picking up where others left off is a great way to achieve success with half the work.
Resting is not the same as laziness.
Take time to meditate this week.
Planning will focus your efforts and save you time this month.
Knowledge is valuable only if you are aware of which things you do not know.
Understand the problem fully before trying to solve it.
Consult a friend; they will help you discover a better solution.
Confidence is valuable only if you are honest.
Chaos is the best place for discovery.
You will rekindle an old friendship.
Attempt the most difficult thing first, and then it's all down-hill.
Never be disagreeable with your love, even when you disagree.
If you underachieve you will never succeed.
Go the extra mile. It's scenic.
You will receive unanimous support for your idea.
Prepare a good presentation, and everyone will get behind your idea.
Work on the thing you care about most, or you will be too busy to get to it.
A bird's-eye view only comes when time flies. 
Being busy beats being bored.
Out-distance your competitors early, and they will not catch up.
Difficult times are coming to an end. Be patient.
You can't get ahead until you start.
Philosophies that shaped the world came from ordinary people like you.
There is no prize for finding fault.
A head-wind can be helpful, if you are headed in the wrong direction.
Goals must be realistic. Too high, and you can be disappointed. Too low, and you will be unmotivated.
Hardship will pass quicker than you think.
Love is closer than you think.
Be direct this week, and you will accomplish much.
Your answer may be hidden, but you will find it.
When you least expect, your dream will come true.
Fortune is smiling on you this month.
You can clearly see the path to your goals.
Humor will get you out of awkward situations this week.
Your influence reaches farther than you imagine.
Everyone enjoys your company.
The weather will inspire you.
Nature will spur a lucrative idea for you soon.
Do not let your suggestions be ignored this week.
Your passion will lead to grand accolades.
Accepting your current situation will alleviate your stress.
Grant your own wish. It is within your power.
Rid your mind of negative thoughts. You will prevail!
Investing this week would be wise.
Present your ideas publicly, lest a competitor steal one as his own.
A lesson from your childhood will soon save you from harm.
Research your ideas, and you will find others have paved a shortcut for you.
Your honest eyes will help you through a difficult conversation.
Be compassionate this week, and you will make a life-long friend.
Problems are like Paintings; if you are too close, you wont understand the whole picture.
Fools are critical. The wise are constructive.
Do not give up at your first failure. Your goal is an honorable one.
A child's wisdom will soon solve a pressing problem.
Being grateful for small things can make you feel lucky.
New apparel will open a new opportunity for you.
An unappreciated skill will soon be in high demand.
Seek satisfaction, not credit, as one rarely accompanies the other.
Your reputation for integrity is a great asset.
A new book will soon captivate you.
You will fare well in love this week.
Others envy your sense of purpose.
More people admire you than you know.
Their guiding star is your shining example.
Never give up. You have incredible power!
Busy days are exciting to those who know their path.
Forgotten knowledge obtains no wealth.
Phones will play a key role in your success.
Technology can be a loyal servant to those who learn.
Favor loyalty over logic this week.
Take an entire day to show your love.
The adage "three's a crowd" can lead to few friends.
Introduce them. A romance will flourish.
An act of heroism is in your future.
Thoughts are powerful. Share only the good.
Yelling can expose one's flaw.
Reason will go far this month.
Trust in your family, and they will solve your concern.
Awake early this week, lest you miss an opportunity.
Early Birds may catch worms, but Night Owls find love.
Learn to balance your work with play, and your stress will subside.
Love resides just outside your comfort zone.
Restraint will be rewarded this evening.
A change in appearance will get you noticed.
Delegate. You will still succeed, but with less effort.
Send a message of appreciation to a loved one.
Communication is key to long-term love.
Unless you are wearing all white, white lies stain.
Justice is clear to you, without shades of gray.
Perseverance wins the fight, and increases your strength.
Failing to try is still failure.
Not worrying never made a problem worse.
Failing forward fights fear; freeing favorable fortune.
Giving good tips brings good luck.
A celebration will be held in your honor.
Brainstorming this week will lead to a profitable idea.
A delicious meal cures many ills.
You have a skill for efficiency.
Take time to play; your work will still get done.
Speak up and you will be heard.
Reconnect with a forgotten friend, and luck will find you.
Hardships will be shorter than you imagine.
Skepticism may be merited, but placebos only cure optimists.
Put your loved ones' needs before your own this week. It will be worthwhile.
Prized possessions are only special because you deem them so. Prize people, and you make them special.
Compliments are just around the corner.
Success is near.
Keep your eye on the prize & it gets closer with each step.
New beginnings are over-rated.  Appreciate the present.
Peace is a gift you receive by giving.
Celebrate! You deserve it!
Happiness is never undeserved.
Your judgement is sound. Trust it.
Your desires are not frivolous: pursue them.
Respecting others makes them respect you.
Do something unexpected today. Leaving routine is enlivening.
Let yourself misbehave occasionally. You'll enjoy it.
Thanking others is the nicest way to get what you want.
Weigh the risks, and your choices become clear.