Greatest danger lurks within your stupidity.
He who laughs last is laughing at you.
You might want to pick out a different outfit.
Your worst fears may soon be realized.
There is no fear like the unknown.
Have you ever had a sense of impending doom?
(We're watching you)
BEWARE!
Your clothes just aren't working.
Consult your friends, as you have no sense of style.
You will soon suffer a disfiguring accident.
You have a secret admirer you should avoid (the crazy-obsessed type)
Lady luck frowns upon you this week.
You should not buy lottery tickets for the next eighty years (you're not gonna win).
At least your looks are *marginally* better than your luck.
Prepare for a day off work... followed by several more.
It never hurts to look for a new job... especially since you are about to lose yours.
Today will be disastrous. Prepare yourself.
Misfortune will riddle your pathetic soul.
Any time is a great time to stay silent.
Better to be presumed stupid than to prove it.
Now is not the time to present your ideas (or ever really).
Give your ideas to a competitor and sabotage him with your idiocy.
Pursue your studies. It will give you an excuse for being unemployed.
Your "social drinking" is alcoholism in disguise.
You might want to cut back on the desserts.
Adequate love is waiting around the corner, if you can settle for your own league.
They are definitely out of your league.
You will soon be embarrassed publicly.
Love will be unrequited until you stop being annoying.
That promotion is almost yours (yeah, sorry... almost).
Your achievements will soon be recognized as mediocre.
Your special day will be forgotten. So you might as well plan a party yourself.
Don't blame your loved one because you settled (they probably did too).
Never reveal your inner self (people wont like it).
Be careful not to bore others by talking about your current hobbies.
They don't care... really I don't either. You're on your own.
Take comfort in the knowledge that your awful job isn't as bad as writing and stuffing fortune cookies.
"I'm coming for you." -Grim Reaper
Your inner despair is totally justified.
Give up.
Unemployment is kind of like a vacation... right?
You're not as good as you think.
You are less attractive than you think.
Leave thinking up to the philosophers, and other smart people... even other dumb people actually.
Work like you'll still have a job tomorrow, and you may last the week.
Your current relationship will end in tears... and you get really puffy eyes when you cry.
Not trying is still failure, Loser.
At least you tried, and now you know you can't. Won't make that mistake again!
The IRS is gonna find out.
Don't trust your friends this week... well, month... actually you should probably get new friends.
You're not fooling anyone. They know exactly how dumb you are.
An irritating personality and bad hygiene will lose an opportunity for you.
I can't wait to see you try. I could use a good laugh.
Everyone appreciates you for making them look better.
Quitting can be the most efficient means to an identical end.
If you hadn't read this, you would have found true love behind you.
You're getting more near-sighted. Time for a check-up.
A doctor will soon save the life of someone you will accidentally endanger.
Opportunity is knocking... next door.
A mistaken identity will cause opportunity to briefly visit you, but leave before you can claim it.
Worrying never helps, though it is understandable. Glad I'm not you (and my life sucks).
You have my utmost pity.
A confidant is betraying you right now.
You can't fix stupid.
Take advantage of 'ugly' being in vogue. It won't last long, and then your screwed.
You're really not aging well.
The flower of youth has passed; Get used to old age.
You will live a short yet tedious life.
It's not a fashion statement, it's ugly. Stop it!
"Beauty is in the eye of the beholder." Keep tellin' yourself that.
Weight loss is in your future, due to severe food-poisoning.
Fast-Food can be a feast when no one likes your cooking.
Wear as much clothing as possible. No one wants to see that.
Plastic surgery has made wondrous progress. You should look into it.
No one will notice your physical flaws. They really weren't looking in the first place.
Cell phones will soon have amazing Artificial Intelligence, voiding your usefulness.
Stop talking. Nobody cares.
You have an incredible ability to bore people.
You are exactly as boring as you think. Maybe more so.
Look before you leap. Then you have no excuse.
People in the movies never think their inner-voices are crazy either.
A movie will soon highlight your inadequacies.
The end is near.
Did you know fortune cookies aren't allowed to lie? So I just wont tell you your terrible fortune.
If you were a flavor, you'd still be bland.
Just as an orchid can grow from a pile of dung, so can others flourish despite all your crap.
It's all your fault.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link: you.
They have a much greater chance of success without you.
Arrogance will be your downfall.
Your arrogance is unmerited.
Copious amounts of makeup aren't enough.
Imagine a perfect world. You're not in it, right?
Those who perservere pass many trials; Quitters, less than one.
Open your mind to the fact that you might be the problem.
The common denominator of ALL your problems is YOU.
You will resume a bad habit in the near future.
Hard work is a great way to make your superiors look better.
No one can impede your path like you can.
Your fears will pale in comparison to reality.
Ignoring "Watch for Falling Rocks" signs will lead to regret.
A lawsuit will soon cause a great deal of money to bankrupt you.
Beware of dark rooms this month.
Try to blend in this week; getting noticed will not go in your favor.
Even the most beautiful snow flake isn't safe from dog pee.
At least you're good looking… ish
Don't compare yourself with others: it would be depressing.
You have exactly one redeeming quality: you like fortune cookies!
I wouldn't want to be you this week.
All work and no play is a good way to not realize you don't have any friends.
Your one true friend will betray you.
Good thing your friends are poor judges of character.
Rabies shots *really* hurt. At least you'll have one story that's not boring.
Your neighborhood is less safe than you realize.
Alcohol will cause you great embarrassment soon.
Practice making excuses; might as well prepare for the inevitable.
Never finding love might be proof of Darwinism.
Perspective: If any one of your ancestors was as unlucky in love as you, you wouldn't exist.
Public embarrassment will never visit you, as long as you stay shut in your home.
You're smart enough to know that people only go for looks.
You were a little fish in the little pond: why did you move to the ocean?
In a world as ugly as ours, how are you not the ruler?
10s date other 10s. Be bold: aim for a 3.
You will soon find out that being ignored was better than getting fired.
You were so cute when you were little. What happened?
A face as unique as yours should be shared... in a circus, or maybe a horror film.
If you never try, you'll never know, but knowing can be very depressing.
"You can do anything if you put your mind to it" is only true for some people.
Even realistic goals may be out of reach.
Nobody knows your inner thoughts: let's keep it that way.
Brainstorming requires a brain.
You kill a zombie by destroying its brain. Does that mean you're immune?
A fancy restaurant can be the one good thing about a date with you.
You will lose your next bet.
Your job is less secure than you thought.
Your boss may never fire you, but that doesn't mean the company won't fail.
Solitude is a good word to make you feel more like a super-hero and less like the lonely-loser you are.
You are sooo not going to fare well in prison.
Your darkest secret will soon be revealed.
Even to other geeks, you're nerdy.
Once in a lifetime you meet someone you just can't stand. You're that person for a lot of people.
No one likes a party popper, but they like your dancing even less.
You have no rhythm and no soul; plant your butt in a chair when the music's on.
Yes, you are as awkward as you feel.
Your life-long pursuit is unreachable. Settle.
Don't worry, someday you'll find love... y'know, when we all have hot robot bodies.
Perspective: the majority of people are gonna be average. So, you're really just right behind the pack.
Someone thinks you are very special (it's just your mom... your dad's more realistic).
If you are bored with work, chances are that we are too (because you wont shut up about it)
No one likes a show-off; Especially since you have nothing to show.
Go ahead and brag! No one is really listening anyway.
Happiness will continue to be a stranger.
Don't follow the rainbow, lest you find the murderous leprechauns.
Underwear & socks suck as presents, but it sure beats the coal your mom replaced.
Forging ahead when the path ends will get you arrested for trespassing.
What you lack in intelligence you make up for in pity.
You will soon have a meal prepared by someone who didn't wash their hands.
You have a talent for inefficiency.
Take time to play.  After all, you're not great at your job.
Speak up and your idiocy will be heard.
A forgotten friend will soon reconnect with you to exact revenge.
Hardships will be longer than you suspect.
You may not be smart, but take comfort in knowing that placebos may work for you.
Put your loved one's needs before your own this week. It's good to end a relationship on a high note.
Hurry & get your affairs in order (there's not much time left).
You will lose a prized possession. Sorry.
Compliments will continue to evade you.
Failure is unavoidable. Brace yourself.
Keep your eye on the prize, so you know who beats you to it.
The good news is that you'll get a fresh start. The bad news is it's over.
Take the moral high-road. At least you'll have an excuse for letting people walk all over you.
Celebrate now! You wont be able to soon.
"You deserve happiness" is only said by someone who secretly despises you.
Defer to someone else: your judgement is awful.
You will achieve your *least* important goal. Good job!
Respect others. When you're not the Alpha Dog, you have to.
Do something unexpected today, & your enemies may not find you until tomorrow.
Everyone misbehaves; you just do so more embarrassingly.
Epic embarrassment awaits you!
When life gives you lemons, say "thank you" or it'll squeeze them into your wounds.
Weigh the risks, and you'll know how screwed you are.
You've done a great job in life demonstrating what not to do.
When in doubt, don't bet on yourself.
If anyone owes you money, you only have a few days left to collect.
You often cross the fine line between "funny" and "fireable offense"
Be optimistic, and maybe you wont realize how much you suck.
You need to upgrade your worst nightmare. Your current one doesn't prepare you for your future.
You're the participation certificate in the rat-race of life.
Be kind to your parents: they're the only ones who think you're amazing.
You will forget an important date.
Smile! You might convince someone that you're not a jerk.
When all else fails, revert to the fetal position.
In each group there is 1 friend who's job it is to make everyone else look good: It's you.
Everyone is too nice to tell you that you have dandruff.
You have a rare combination of qualities making you unpleasant.
Your unbalanced emotions will get the better of you this week.
Mistakes are a great opportunity to learn! You'll have soooo many opportunities.
Worrying doesn't help anyone, though it is justified in your situation.
Everyone knows all of your stories. Be quiet and let others tell theirs.
Santa is real-- your parents just always hid the coal he brought you.
Be happy as a peon! Nothing's changing.
Complacency is your only hope for Happiness.
Never say Never. If you read that aloud, you are now cursed.
It's the first day of the rest of your life, but it will be as crummy as previous days.
Get help.
You're the square of toilet paper stuck to success's shoe.
You only *think* you're athletic.
A serving size for a fortune cookie is 3 cookies. You should give yours to the skinny guy.
Be wary of doctors in the near future.
Clowns, while normally harmless, will one day kill you.
You know how you sometimes think there's a spider in your bed? It's actually ticks.
Physicists think you cannot change the future by knowing it. Still, I'd check your underwear for spiders every morning.
Avoid department stores in your neighborhood.  One of the cashiers has disturbing pictures of you.
A virus will take over your computer soon. I'd delete anything embarrassing ASAP
All of your loved ones are about to tell you how awful you are. It's a jerk-intervention.
Hope you're ok with having less than 10 fingers. It will make for an interesting ice-breaker.
Who needs both eyes anyway? You'll do fine with just the one. But, it will hurt... badly.
2 + 2 = 4, but you should probably start counting calories with multiplication, y'know what I mean?
Have you ever truly questioned your sanity? If not, you probably should.
Ignore it all you want, but it wont change the fact that you have Irritable Bowels.
No, you don't look your age. You look much much older.
No one thinks your dumb. They know it.
At least when the apes take over, you'll finally be average looking.
Cower before your alien overlords & they might make you their pet.
You will one day be a bounteous feast for cannibals.
Slow and steady in the race of life is a good excuse for you, but you're still gonna lose.
If you ignore wealth, love, respect, & happiness; your life isn't so bad. (who am I kidding? yes it is.)
Until you learn to like yourself, the total number of those that do is zero.
Respect yourself, and at least 1 person will.
Don't lead. You make a good sheep.  Well, an adequate sheep... almost adequate anyway.
Video games can lead to a semi-full & semi-happy life.  That's 2 "semi"s better than your real life.
Take up poetry. I hear lonely people write really good poems.
Some day your life will be chronicled in a best-seller. In 2095 Tragedies are gonna be soooo popular.
Even looking both ways before crossing the road wont prevent your impending accident.